1.  Contractor name & class name must be always the same. It can't return type or void.
2.  Can not Initialize to the other class for Private variable. It can be possible only using the method of Friend Class.
3.  Use Encapsulation or (Setvalue & Getvalue function) Declared Private variable Main function to the class.
4.  There are two kinds of Polymorphism, These - (i) Overlodding (ii) Overriding
	
	i) Overloading means it works in only one class. It is Function name must be the same but the permitted list is always different. 
	ii) Overriding means- It works in more than one class. It is the Function name and the parameter list must be always the same.
5.  Destractor and constractor are approximately the same but it only one difference this is using the ~ sign in the font side of the constractor.
6.  Get String input in the C++ language use to getline() function.
7.  when used to File in the C++ meddle level language then must be declared <fstream> header file.
8.  For Read from the File must use ifstream keyword.
9. For Write in the File must use ofstream keyword.
10. For apparend in the file use this method (ios::out|ios::app).
11. There are five kinds of Inheritance these- 
					  i) Single Inheritance. Ex-one supper class and one subclass.
					 ii) Multilevel Inheritance. Ex-supper class to sup class to new supper to new subclass. 
					iii) Hierarchical Inheritance. Ex-One Supper class and more than one Subclass.
					 iv) Multiple Inheritance. More than one Supper class and only one sub-class.
					  v) Hybrite Inheritance. Ex-Mixed more than one Inheritance.
12. The abstrator class or pure class must use this method (public: void 'function name'()=0). This class can't be declared object must use a pointer (*p).
13. When using the showpoint,noshowpoint, fixed, and setprecision() library functions must include <iomanip> header file in C++ language. 
14. Can't Copy Constructor to another class for polymorphism. It can be solved using this method-
				subclass name(int dim1,int dim2)
				:super class name(dim1,dim2)
				{

				}

15. Constant variable of class when don't directly initialize then use this method-
							int variable1,variable2;
							constructor/Function name(int variable name 1,int variable name 2)
							:variable1(variable name 1),variable2(variable name 2)
							{
									
							}
							
